Abi l i ty  Score  Increase.  Y our Dexterity score increases by
2 .
Age.  Skaven reach adulthood in one year , and rarely live
longer than 30 years.
Al i gnment.  Growing up in Skaven culture makes it so that
most Skaven are of the chaotic evil alignment. Skaven
believe the world to be theirs, and that their race is
superior to all others. Skaven are generally very focused on
their own survival and care little about their peers.
Di sease  Resi stant.  The majority of Skaven live in a highly
unsanitary environment, so their bodies have adapted . Y ou
have advantage on saving throws to resist the effects of
disease.
Keen  Smel l .  Y ou have advantage on Wisdom (Perception)
checks that rely on smell .
Fl exi bl e  Bones.  Skaven can manoeuvre through cramped
spaces with relative ease. Y ou can move through small
sized spaces as if you were small size.
Si ze.  Skaven stand between 4 and 5 feet tall and average
about 40 pounds. Y our size is medium.
Speed .  Y our base walking speed is 30 feet.
Superi or Darkvi si on.  Y ou have darkvision in a radius of
120 feet.
Swim.  Y ou have a swimming speed of 30 feet. Skaven
excrete a nearly waterproof oil from their skin that allows
them to glide through the water with very little resistance.
Languages.  Y ou can speak, read and write Common and
Queekish.
Subrace.  There are three varieties of Skaven, from which
you must choose.
Brownfur
Most Skaven have brown, dirty and greasy fur . They are
incredibly numerous, and live in a ruthless environment. All
kinds of Skaven are dead set on advancing their own
interest. F or brownfurs, that rarely means anything more
than getting to live another day .
Abi l i ty  Score  Increase.  Y our Wisdom score increases by
1 .
Smel l   Emoti on.  When a creature experiences a certain
emotion, it sometimes produces a scent that Skaven can
pick up on and recognize. Y ou have advantage on Wisdom
(Insight) checks to determine what emotion a
creature is experiencing.
Blackfur
Black fur is seen by Skaven society as the mark of a
true killer . Elite Skaven troops tend to only recruit
blackfurs. The association between black fur and strength
is so strong that the rare brownfurs that do make it into
elite forces die their fur black as a badge of honour .
Abi l i ty  Score  Increase.  Y our Strength score
increases by 1 .
T rue Ki l l er .  Y our teeth and claws are honed for
killing. Y ou are proficient with your unarmed strikes,
which deal 1d6 slashing or piercing damage on a hit.
Credits
Art: Bayardwu (page 1), Baklaher (page 2)
Feedback: Izzy, Sgt. Briar, NASA & GenuineBeliever on
Discord of Many Things. Thanks guys!
Greyfur
Skaven with grey or white fur are destined to become the
priests and magicians of Skaven society . Albinos are
regarded highest of all and will often become royal guards.
It is considered very unwise for a Skaven ruler not to heed
the council of the greyfurs around him. As a result, greyfur
elites tend to be the de facto rulers of Skaven society
unless an exceptionally strong leader holds power .
Abi l i ty  Score  Increase.  Y our Intelligence score increases
by 1 .
Oi l  Magi c.  When you reach 3rd level , you gain the ability to
cast grease once with this trait, and you regain the ability to
cast it when you finish a long rest.
